rephrase the definition of agent-based installer (#53167)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_with_agent_based_installer/preparing-to-install-with-agent-based-installer.adoc

toc::[]

== About the Agent-based Installer

> The Agent-based Installer provides the flexibility of user-provided infrastructure (UPI) installs and the ease of use of the Assisted Installer. It is a subcommand that resides in the {product-title} installer and also utilizes the {product-title} installer for the input asset management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Agent-based Installer provides the flexibility of user-provided infrastructure (UPI) installation and the ease of use of the Assisted Installer (AI). It is a subcommand that resides in the {product-title} installer, and uses the {product-title} installer for the input asset management.
```
